Add EE docs (#18)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/getting_started_ee/introduction.rst

.. _introduction_execution_environments:

######################################
Introduction to execution environments
######################################

Ansible execution environments aim to resolve complexity issues and provide all the benefits you can get from containerization.

Reducing complexity
===================

There are three main areas where EEs can reduce complexity: software dependencies, portability, and content separation.

Dependencies
------------

> Software applications typically have dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Software applications typically have dependencies, and Ansible is no exception. 
```

> It can be software libraries, configuration files or other services, to name a few, and Ansible, being an exceptional automation tool, is not an exception in terms of the mentioned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These dependencies can include software libraries, configuration files or other services, to name a few.
```

> Traditionally, application dependencies are installed by administrators on top of an operating system using packaging management tools like RPM or Python-pip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Traditionally, administrators install application dependencies on top of an operating system using packaging management tools such as RPM or Python-pip.
```

Reviewer: We avoid using 'like' because it doesn't translate easily. The other change here makes the sentence 'active' instead of 'passive'.  `are installed by` or similar phrases are a good way to notice passive voice.  The fix is to change a sentence so it starts with who is doing something. "The EE guide was written by @Andersson007 " is passive.  "@Andersson007 wrote the EE guide" is active. it shows you doing something :-)

Author: - `like`: cool, didn't know, thanks
- `active-passive`: yep, i know how it works:D i a bit forget about it, now i remember that it's mentioned in the style guide, thanks for reminding!

> The major drawback of such approach is that an application might require versions of dependencies different from those provided by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The major drawback of such an approach is that an application might require versions of dependencies different from those provided by default.
```

> In case of Ansible, a typical installation consists of ``ansible-core`` and a set of Ansible collections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Ansible, a typical installation consists of ``ansible-core`` and a set of Ansible collections.
```

> At present, there are more than a hundred collections included in the Ansible package and hundreds more are available on Ansible Galaxy and Automation Hub for manual installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At present, the Ansible package includes more than a hundred collections included  and you can manually install hundreds more are from  Ansible Galaxy..
```

Reviewer: I'm a little worried about talking about the 100s of collections in the package here. I though someone tried to create an EE with the package (aka all those collections) a year or so back and it failed because of too many conflicting dependencies?

Author: Fair point, i removed this paragraph not to give people such a "bright" idea:)

> Many of them have dependencies for their plugins, modules, roles and playbooks they provide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many of them have dependencies for the plugins, modules, roles and playbooks they provide.
```

The Ansible collections can depend on the following pieces of software and their versions:

* ``ansible-core``
* Python
* Python packages

> * system packages

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* System packages
```

> * other Ansible collections

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Other Ansible collections
```

The dependencies have to be installed and sometimes can conflict with each other.

> One way to **partially** resolve dependency issue is to use Python virtual environments on Ansible control node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One way to **partially** resolve dependency issue is to use Python virtual environments on  Ansible control nodes.
```

> However, applied to Ansible, it has drawbacks and natural limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, applied to Ansible, virtual environments have drawbacks and natural limitations.
```

Portability
-----------

> An Ansible user writes content for Ansible locally and wants to leverage the container technology to make your automation runtimes portable, shareable and easily deployable to testing and production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Ansible user writes content for Ansible locally and wants to leverage the container technology to make their automation runtimes portable, shareable and easily deployable to testing and production environments.
```

Content separation
------------------

> In situations when there is an Ansible control node or a tool like Ansible AWX/Controller used by several users, they might want their content be separated to avoid configuration and dependency conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In situations when there is an Ansible control node or a tool such as Ansible AWX/Controller used by several users, they might want separate their content to avoid configuration and dependency conflicts.
```

Reviewer: `be` is another word to look out for. If your sentence has `be` in it, there's a good chance it's passive.

Author: i need to suppress lawyer's remains in myself who seems to think that we're writing a constitution here, not a friendly user guide
